When the McCallister family left on their Christmas vacation
They forgot one small thing
Did you lock up do we set the timers on the lights?
Please in the northern suburbs are on the lookout for a pair of burglars who are calling themselves the Wet Bandits
You know that you're in there. It's Santa Claus and his elf
Get brought my property
This is my house I have to defend. Where's your mother? Oh mom's in the car. Where's your father? She's at work?
What about your brothers and sisters I win all the child
Where do you live you tell you that why not cuz you're a stranger?
He's a kid we what can a kid do to us. The kids are stupid. I know I was you still are my mm-hm
Now I'll care if I've to get out on your runway and hitchhike I am going to get home to my son
Where are you little sweet?
What did take your shoes off I need dressed like a chicken Gus Polinski
Poker king of the Midwest if you have to get to Chicago. We'll finally Drive you
Yesterday he was just a kid, but tonight. He's a home security system live
From John Hughes, you know I got a feeling this is gonna be your best Christmas ever a family comedy without the family
Home alone. Are you here all alone? I'm eight years old you think I'd be here all wrong
I don't think so directed by Chris Columbus coming November 16th